Mention memcached impact on mimir config (#2584)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/operators-guide/deploy-grafana-mimir/upgrade-helm-chart-2.1-to-3.0/_index.md

1. Decide whether or not you need to update the memcached configuration, which has changed:

>    > **Note:** Some Helm values related to memcached have changed. For information about how they affect your Mimir configuration, see step 6 later.

Reviewer: This is a future documentation bug waiting to happen because you have hard-coded a step number into plain text.

>    > **Note**: this section describes changes to Helm values related to memcached. For impact on Mimir configuration see the [Update the `mimir.config`](#configupdate).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > **Note:** Some Helm values related to memcached have changed. For information about how they affect your Mimir configuration, see the [Update the `mimir.config`](#configupdate).
```

Reviewer: For links, use relrefs.

       replicas: 3
     ```

> 1. Decide whether or not you need to update the Mimir configuration due to memcached changes:

Reviewer 2: There is already a section about the mimir.config which mentions memcached. It's called "Update the `mimir.config` value, based on the following information:" Do you think you can move this there?

   - If you have copied and customized `mimir.config`, you'll need to merge in the changes from the chart as the settings for memcached have changed.
   - If you do not customize `mimir.config`:

>      - In general the defaults should work so there is no need to customise memcached related parameters via `mimir.structuredConfig`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     - The defaults should work so there is no need to customise memcached related parameters via `mimir.structuredConfig`.
```

>      - If you have set the memcached related Mimir parameters (`*.memcached.addresses` or `*.memcached.max_item_size`) in `mimir.structuredConfig`, then those need to be updated. Please consult the `mimir.config` for defaults.

Reviewer 2: I would move it to be on the same level as the instructions about `mimir.config`

```suggestion
    - If you have set the memcached-related Mimir parameters (`*.memcached.addresses` or `*.memcached.max_item_size`) in `mimir.structuredConfig`, then those need to be updated. Please consult the `mimir.config` for defaults.
```
